Add possibility to pass exposureClassName parameter (#869)
kyma-project/control-plane: docs/provisioner/08-02-provisioning-gardener.md

                autoScalerMax: 4
                maxSurge: 4
                maxUnavailable: 1

>                 exposureClassName: "" # default value is set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of Exposure Class you plan to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                exposureClassName: "" # Default value set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of the Exposure Class you want to use.
```

                autoScalerMax: 4
                maxSurge: 4
                maxUnavailable: 1

>                 exposureClassName: "" # default value is set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of Exposure Class you plan to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                exposureClassName: "" # Default value set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of the Exposure Class you want to use.

                autoScalerMax: 4
                maxSurge: 4
                maxUnavailable: 1

>                 exposureClassName: "" # default value is set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of Exposure Class you plan to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                exposureClassName: "" # Default value set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of the Exposure Class you want to use.
```

                  autoScalerMax: 4
                  maxSurge: 4
                  maxUnavailable: 1

>                   exposureClassName: "" # default value is set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of Exposure Class you plan to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                  exposureClassName: "" # Default value set by Gardener. Provide only if you know the exact name of the Exposure Class you want to use.
```
